money fame power respect sex these are
the powerful motives shaping human
behavior in politics in our private
lives in the economic sphere but yes yes
y'all especially here on social media
especially on the Internet let me go
through that list one more time for you
money fame power respect sex not
necessarily in that order for some
people sex is the top priority for some
people it's money or the fame you can
shuffle that deck of cards and each time
have a different one come up on top this
is not about saving the planet this is
not about lobbying government for
political reform this is not about
promoting the health benefits of a vegan
diet this is not about educating people
doing educational outreach so that they
understand the unbelievable suffering
that the dairy industry craves that the
fur industry grades the unbelievable
suffering that's required just to put
meat on their plate no nope this is
about money fame power respect sex and
you know what this headline fails to
convey to you this whole article fails
to convey to you there were actually
four protesters they ran the stage four
but three of them didn't get naked who's
this woman who's this Muslim
fundamentalist woman she looks like
she's at least a hundred pounds
overweight I guess she's a Muslim
fundamentalist vegan protester why isn't
she getting naked why is it only this
girl look we got to talk about the
politics of beauty and body image rolled
into this - priya is the first one to
run the stage fully clothed well if you
actually believe that getting naked
would save the animals what this Muslim
woman she doesn't care enough to show us
her 100 pound overweight middle-aged or
elderly body I can't
guess her age is it only young
conventionally attractive people who are
going to get naked to save the planet is
there some reason why is it actually
about being sexually attractive is that
the point of this is it supposed to be
an erotic display and what about this
girl
this girl just participated in the
protest but decided no I'm not showing
my body if you look I agree this is not
an effective form of protest if you go
back to World War one there was a golden
era of nude protests where the nudity
was not erotic at all it was primarily
to prevent the police from brutalizing
the protesters and it was a show of
Christian humility and kind of abject
subjugation where people would march
naked in the streets to oppose the war
and it wasn't sexy on course it was a
lot of elderly people it was a lot of
flabby out-of-shape elderly people it
was humiliating they were themselves
being humiliated to this nude March and
they were humiliating the authorities
and humiliating others because look well
if you think you're gonna round us up
and put us in put us in paddy wagons
you're gonna arrest us you're gonna have
to lay hands on us naked so the world
has changed a great deal in a hundred
years and that would have been more than
100 years ago now there was nude
protests against against World War one
this woman you know she's referred to as
topless in the headlines and the news
coverage and I completely believe she
only did this stunt so that she would
appear in headlines in newspapers get
news coverage but you know she's not
just topless I can't say that she's
wearing pants she's not wearing trousers
she doesn't have any pockets therefore
her house keys or her wallet I mean you
know she is as close to naked as can
possibly be she's wearing some kind of
skin tight yoga pants you know I can't
call those pants at all that's some kind
of some kind of long underwear
she's gone on there to add to the
revealing
erotic effect I guess of her being as
nude as possible and again it's not the
middle-aged people it's not the educated
people it's not the natural leaders of
the vegan movement who are taking on
this role of course no I mean what's
what's the next step for this guys what
is the future of veganism this group
direct action everywhere they initialize
their name as DXE direct Action Network
they came onto the scene promising that
they had something profoundly
fundamentally better to offer than any
other animal rights movement in the past
and all they are doing is reinventing
the stupidity of peda from 20 years ago
step by step they're catching up with
the same lame methods the same
non-functional techniques that peda use
and they're gonna get the same non
results but the one thing they will get
is the one thing they really want money
fame power respect sex all these people
are on an ego trip and I'm sure if you
could travel back in time to 1992 there
were a whole lot of people in that
organization petaa People for the
Ethical Treatment of Animals we're on
the same ego trip reinventing the wheel
but it's a broken wheel and it's gonna
roll down the same hill with the same
results
[Music]